docs: Add detailed explication of IAM policies (#15)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-aws: forge/README.md

# Seqera Platform Forge for AWS Batch

> [!WARNING]
> This example IAM policy is intended for use with Seqera Forge and provides a wide range of permissions to support common deployment scenarios. However, it may not be appropriate for all environments or security requirements. You should carefully review and tailor this policy to fit your organization's security standards and operational needs. See [IAM Policy Configuration & Tuning](#iam-policy-configuration--tuning) for more details.

> Seqera Forge automates the configuration of [AWS Batch](https://aws.amazon.com/batch/) compute environments and queues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seqera Platform Forge automates the configuration of [AWS Batch](https://aws.amazon.com/batch/) compute environments and queues
```

required for the deployment of Nextflow pipelines.

To enable this feature, Seqera Platform requires the permissions listed in [this policy](forge-policy.json) file.

> Attach the policy to the AWS user account associated to your Seqera configuration as described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attach the policy to the AWS IAM User associated to your Seqera configuration as described below:
```

1. Open the AWS [IAM console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home) and select **Users**.
1. Select or create the user associated with your Seqera configuration.
1. Select **Add inline policy**.
1. Select **JSON** and copy the content of the policy linked above.
1. Select **Review policy** and then **Create policy**.

> ### Pipeline secrets

Reviewer: Do we have any docs about these "pipeline secrets"? I'm not sure what we're referring to here

> [!WARNING]
> This example IAM policy is intended for use with Seqera Forge and provides a wide range of permissions to support common deployment scenarios. However, it may not be appropriate for all environments or security requirements. You should carefully review and tailor this policy to fit your organization's security standards and operational needs. See [IAM Policy Configuration & Tuning](#iam-policy-configuration--tuning) for more details.

Seqera Platform Forge automates the configuration of [AWS Batch](https://aws.amazon.com/batch/) compute environments and queues
required for the deployment of Nextflow pipelines.

To enable this feature, Seqera Platform requires the permissions listed in [this policy](forge-policy.json) file.

Attach the policy to the AWS IAM User associated to your Seqera configuration as described below:

1. Open the AWS [IAM console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home) and select **Users**.
1. Select or create the user associated with your Seqera configuration.
1. Select **Add inline policy**.
1. Select **JSON** and copy the content of the policy linked above.
1. Select **Review policy** and then **Create policy**.

### Pipeline secrets

> To use [pipeline secrets](https://docs.seqera.io/platform/secrets/) (AWS Secrets Manager integration) in Seqera Platform, the following IAM permissions must be provided:
> 
> Add [this custom policy](../launch/secrets-policy-account.json) to the IAM user or role used by Seqera to access your AWS account (specified in the Seqera credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use [pipeline secrets](https://docs.seqera.io/platform/secrets/) (AWS Secrets Manager integration) in Seqera Platform, add [this custom policy](../launch/secrets-policy-account.json) to the IAM user used by Seqera Platform to access your AWS account.
```

See [Seqera Launch](../launch/README.md) for more details.

## IAM Policy Configuration & Tuning

The example [Batch Forge Policy](forge-policy.json) provides comprehensive permissions for quick setup. However, you should review and adapt this policy to fit your specific security requirements.

### Restricting Permissions

> You can scope down the policy using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Readme explains how you can scope down the policy using:
```

1. Resource-level restrictions
2. AWS condition keys
3. Resource tagging

> [!NOTE]
> If you've configured a custom prefix for Compute Environments and IAM roles in your Seqera Platform Enterprise Self-Hosted installation, remember to update the resource pattern accordingly.

### AWS Systems Manager (SSM)

Seqera Platform requires access to read from AWS Systems Manager (SSM) to [identify ECS Optimized AMI's](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/retrieve-ecs-optimized_AMI.html) for pipeline execution. If you don't need to retrieve any additional parameters as part of your workflow, you can restrict SSM access using a policy like the following:

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {

>       "Sid": "ServiceParameters",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "Sid": "FetchECSOptimizedAMIMetadata",
```

      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "ssm:GetParameters",

>       "Resource": ["arn:aws:ssm:*:*:parameter/aws/service/ecs/*"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:ssm:*:<ACCOUNT_ID>:parameter/aws/service/ecs/*"]
```

    "iam:DeleteInstanceProfile",
    "iam:AddRoleToInstanceProfile",
    "iam:RemoveRoleFromInstanceProfile",
    "iam:CreateRole",
    "iam:DeleteRole",
    "iam:GetRole",
    "iam:AttachRolePolicy",
    "iam:DetachRolePolicy",
    "iam:PutRolePolicy",
    "iam:DeleteRolePolicy",
    "iam:ListAttachedRolePolicies",
    "iam:ListRolePolicies",
    "iam:TagRole",
    "iam:TagInstanceProfile"
  ],
  "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*"
}
```

### PassRole

Seqera Batch Forge requires the ability to pass IAM roles to AWS services. The PassRole permission allows Forge to assign roles to AWS Batch services when creating compute environments.
You can restrict this permission to only allow passing roles with the appropriate prefix to the AWS Batch service:

```json
{
  "Sid": "PassOnlyTowerForgeRolesToBatch",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": "iam:PassRole",
  "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*",
  "Condition": {
    "StringEquals": {
      "iam:PassedToService": "batch.amazonaws.com"
    }
  }
}
```

### Batch Execution

Seqera Platform requires the ability to trigger workflows using AWS Batch when using it as a compute environment.

> You can restrict this permission based on ARN or Resource tag, like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict this permission based on ARN or Resource tag (these need to be [set by users when setting up a pipeline in Platform](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/resource-labels/overview)), like the following:
```

```json
{
  "Sid": "BatchJobExecution",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "batch:SubmitJob",
    "batch:CancelJob",
    "batch:TerminateJob",
    "batch:ListJobs",
    "batch:DescribeJobs",
    "batch:RegisterJobDefinition",
    "batch:DescribeJobDefinitions",
    "batch:TagResource"
  ],

>   "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*",

Reviewer: The resource here is referring to IAM roles, but jobs have the following ARN.
```
arn:aws:batch:${Region}:${Account}:job/${JobId}
```

moreover the Job ID doesn't start with TowerForge AFAIK, so we can't restrict the permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Resource": [
    "arn:aws:batch:<REGION>:<ACCOUNT_ID>:compute-environment/TowerForge-*"
    "arn:aws:batch:<REGION>:<ACCOUNT_ID>:job-queue/TowerForge-*"
    "arn:aws:batch:<REGION>:<ACCOUNT_ID>:job-definition/*"
    "arn:aws:batch:<REGION>:<ACCOUNT_ID>:job/*"
  ]
```

  "Condition": {
    "StringEqualsIfExists": {

>       "aws:ResourceTag/Project": "Tower"

Reviewer: where is this tagging coming from? is it done by Platform automatically?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "aws:ResourceTag/MyCustomTag": "MyCustomValue"
```

    }
  }
}
```

> ### FSx File Systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### FSx File Systems (optional)
```

> ### FSx File Systems

Reviewer: these optional policies should probably be moved to the end of the list

> Allow Forge to manage [AWS FSx file systems](https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow Forge to manage [AWS FSx file systems](https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/), if needed by the pipelines.
```

```json
{
  "Sid": "FSx",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "fsx:CreateFileSystem",
    "fsx:DeleteFileSystem",
    "fsx:DescribeFileSystems",
    "fsx:TagResource"
  ],
  "Resource": "*"
}
```

> ### EFS File Systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### EFS File Systems (optional)
```

> Allow Forge to manage [AWS EFS file systems](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow Forge to manage [AWS EFS file systems](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/), if needed by the pipelines.
```

    "elasticfilesystem:DeleteMountTarget",
    "elasticfilesystem:DescribeFileSystems",
    "elasticfilesystem:DescribeMountTargets",
    "elasticfilesystem:UpdateFileSystem",
    "elasticfilesystem:PutLifecycleConfiguration",
    "elasticfilesystem:TagResource"
  ],
  "Resource": "*"
}
```

### Launch Template Management.

Seqera Platform requires the ability to create and manage EC2 launch templates using optimized AMIs identified via AWS Systems Manager (SSM).

> [!NOTE]
> AWS does not support restricting IAM permissions on EC2 launch templates based on specific resource names or tags. Because of this limitation, it is not currently possible to scope IAM permissions to specific launch templates. As a result, broader permissions must be granted.

```json
{
  "Sid": "LaunchTemplateManagement",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "ec2:CreateLaunchTemplate",
    "ec2:DeleteLaunchTemplate",
    "ec2:DescribeLaunchTemplates",
    "ec2:DescribeLaunchTemplateVersions"
  ],
  "Resource": "*"
}
```

### S3 Data Access

Seqera Platform requires access to AWS S3 to list and inspect the contents of S3 buckets for Studios, DataExplorer and Identifying the Nextflow working directory.

> This policy can be scoped down to list all buckets in the account along with limiting data retrieval to specific buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This policy can be scoped down to only allow listing the buckets in the account along with limiting data retrieval to specific buckets.
```

```json
{
  "Sid": "S3ListBuckets",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": ["s3:ListAllMyBuckets"],
  "Resource": "*"
},
{
  "Sid": "S3GetBucketData",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "s3:Get*",
    "s3:List*"
  ],
  "Resource": [
    "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket",
    "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket/*"
  ]
}
```

### Cloudwatch logs access

Seqera Platform requires access to CloudWatch logs in order to display relevant log data within the platform interface. The following permissions allow the platform to retrieve and query log events from the associated log group.

This policy can be scoped down to the specific log group used by the compute environment:

```json
{
  "Sid": "CloudWatchLogsAccess",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "logs:Describe*",
    "logs:Get*",
    "logs:List*",
    "logs:StartQuery",
    "logs:StopQuery",
    "logs:TestMetricFilter",
    "logs:FilterLogEvents"
  ],
  "Resource": "arn:aws:logs:<REGION>:<ACCOUNT_ID>:log-group:/aws/batch/job/*"
}
```

> ### SES Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SES Policy (optional)
```

NextFlow is capable of sending email reports from your Nextflow pipeline (such as MultiQC reports) via Amazon SES (Simple Email Service) permissions. You can restrict these permissions to specific sender and recipient addresses:

```json
{
  "Sid": "AllowEmailSendingFromSeqeraPlatform",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": "ses:SendRawEmail",
  "Resource": "*",
  "Condition": {
    "StringEquals": {

>       "ses:FromAddress": "nextflow@example.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "ses:FromAddress": "seqera-platform-installation@example.com"
```

If you want to allow Forge to manage IAM roles but restrict its permissions, you can use the following policy:

```json
{
  "Sid": "IAMRoleAndProfileManagement",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "iam:CreateInstanceProfile",
    "iam:DeleteInstanceProfile",
    "iam:AddRoleToInstanceProfile",
    "iam:RemoveRoleFromInstanceProfile",
    "iam:CreateRole",
    "iam:DeleteRole",
    "iam:GetRole",
    "iam:AttachRolePolicy",
    "iam:DetachRolePolicy",
    "iam:PutRolePolicy",
    "iam:DeleteRolePolicy",
    "iam:ListAttachedRolePolicies",
    "iam:ListRolePolicies",
    "iam:TagRole",
    "iam:TagInstanceProfile"
  ],
  "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*"
}
```

### PassRole

Seqera Batch Forge requires the ability to pass IAM roles to AWS services. The PassRole permission allows Forge to assign roles to AWS Batch services when creating compute environments.

> You can restrict this permission to only allow passing roles with the appropriate prefix to the AWS Batch service:

Reviewer: Why can't we set this restriction on the generic `forge-policy.json`? Is Platform passing that role to anything else?

```json
{
  "Sid": "PassOnlyTowerForgeRolesToBatch",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": "iam:PassRole",
  "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*",
  "Condition": {
    "StringEquals": {
      "iam:PassedToService": "batch.amazonaws.com"
    }
  }
}
```

### Batch Execution

Seqera Platform requires the ability to trigger workflows using AWS Batch when using it as a compute environment.

> You can restrict this permission based on ARN or Resource tag (these need to be [set by users when setting up a pipeline in Platform](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/resource-labels/overview)), like the following:

Reviewer: I fetched some job definitions from one of our accounts and they seem to be in the format `nf-<repository>-<packages>-<version>` while job format seems to be `nf-workflow-<random-string>`, but I'm not sure whether we want to recommend customers to be so strict on ARNs, they may end up having issues later on if they'll ever use a package from a different repository for example.
OTOH we're also explaining in a similar way how to lock down access to S3 buckets for data explorer.

> # Seqera Forge IAM Policy for AWS Batch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Seqera Forge IAM policy for AWS Batch
```

This directory contains the IAM policy to allow Seqera Platform to automatically create and manage
[AWS Batch](https://aws.amazon.com/batch/) resources on behalf of a user, using an automation

> called **Seqera Forge**, simplifying pipeline deployments. Detailed instructions are available in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
called **Seqera Forge**, which simplifies pipeline deployments. Detailed instructions are available in
```

> the [Seqera documentation](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/compute-envs/aws-batch#batch-forge)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the [Seqera documentation](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/compute-envs/aws-batch#batch-forge).
```

> explaining how to configure a IAM User for Forge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

**If you are using Seqera Forge, you do not need the policies from the [`launch/`](../launch)
directory.**

> ## The `forge-policy.json` File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## The `forge-policy.json` file
```

The [`forge-policy.json`](./forge-policy.json) file contains the necessary permissions for
Seqera Forge to operate. This policy is designed to be a general-purpose solution, but you
should review and customize it to meet your organization's security standards.

> [!WARNING]
> The default `forge-policy.json` grants broad permissions. We strongly recommend that you
> scope down these permissions to match your specific needs, as described in this document.

> ## How to Restrict Permissions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to restrict permissions
```

The `forge-policy.json` file is divided into several statements, each with a clear purpose. You can
restrict the permissions in each statement using resource-level restrictions, condition keys, and
resource tagging, or by dropping certain actions completely if they are not needed for your use
case.

Below are examples of how to tighten the permissions for each section of the policy.

> ### AWS Batch Management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### AWS Batch management
```

Add [this custom policy](../launch/secrets-policy-account.json) to the IAM user or role used by Seqera to access your AWS account (specified in the Seqera credentials).

See [Seqera Launch](../launch/README.md) for more details.

## IAM Policy Configuration & Tuning

The example [Batch Forge Policy](forge-policy.json) provides comprehensive permissions for quick setup. However, you should review and adapt this policy to fit your specific security requirements.

### Restricting Permissions

You can scope down the policy using:

1. Resource-level restrictions
2. AWS condition keys
3. Resource tagging

> [!NOTE]

> > If you've configured a custom prefix in your Seqera Platform Enterprise Self-Hosted installation, remember to update the resource pattern accordingly.

Reviewer: Are we referring to Compute Environments' and IAM roles' custom prefixes here?

### AWS Systems Manager (SSM)

> Seqera Platform requires access to read from AWS Systems Manager (SSM) to [identify ECS Optimized AMI's](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/retrieve-ecs-optimized_AMI.html) for pipeline execution. If you don't need to retrieve any additional parameters as part of your workflow, you can restrict SSM access using a policy like the following:

Reviewer: See my comment below on the forge-policy.json file: I don't feel like we need to allow access to `*` by default?

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "ServiceParameters",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "ssm:GetParameters",
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:ssm:*:*:parameter/aws/service/ecs/*"]
    }
  ]
}
```

### IAM Role Configuration

> Seqera Batch Forge by default creates and manages the lifecycle of IAM Roles & Policies. During Compute Environment creation, you can optionally provide pre-provisioned roles for your Compute Environment, Head Job, and Instance profile, eliminating the need for these permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seqera Platform Batch Forge by default creates and manages the lifecycle of IAM Roles & Policies used by Nextflow pipelines in Compute Environments. During Compute Environment creation, you can optionally provide pre-provisioned roles for your Compute Environment, Head Job, and Instance profile, eliminating the need for these permissions.
```

Reviewer: When customers use manually-configured IAM Roles, do they still need some of the permissions below? Should we point it out?

If you want to allow Forge to manage IAM roles but restrict its permissions, you can use the following policy:

```json
{
  "Sid": "IAMRoleAndProfileManagement",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "iam:CreateInstanceProfile",
    "iam:DeleteInstanceProfile",
    "iam:AddRoleToInstanceProfile",
    "iam:RemoveRoleFromInstanceProfile",
    "iam:CreateRole",
    "iam:DeleteRole",
    "iam:GetRole",
    "iam:AttachRolePolicy",
    "iam:DetachRolePolicy",
    "iam:PutRolePolicy",
    "iam:DeleteRolePolicy",
    "iam:ListAttachedRolePolicies",
    "iam:ListRolePolicies",
    "iam:TagRole",
    "iam:TagInstanceProfile"
  ],

>   "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*"
```

Shall we mention the custom prefix here again?

}
```

### PassRole

Seqera Batch Forge requires the ability to pass IAM roles to AWS services. The PassRole permission allows Forge to assign roles to AWS Batch services when creating compute environments.
You can restrict this permission to only allow passing roles with the appropriate prefix to the AWS Batch service:

```json
{
  "Sid": "PassOnlyTowerForgeRolesToBatch",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": "iam:PassRole",
  "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*",
  "Condition": {
    "StringEquals": {
      "iam:PassedToService": "batch.amazonaws.com"
    }
  }
}
```

### Batch Execution

Seqera Platform requires the ability to trigger workflows using AWS Batch when using it as a compute environment.

> You can restrict this permission based on ARN or Resrouce tag, when using AWS for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict this permission based on ARN or Resource tag, like the following:
```

```json
{
  "Sid": "BatchJobExecution",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "batch:SubmitJob",
    "batch:CancelJob",
    "batch:TerminateJob",
    "batch:ListJobs",
    "batch:DescribeJobs",
    "batch:RegisterJobDefinition",
    "batch:DescribeJobDefinitions",
    "batch:TagResource"
  ],
  "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::<ACCOUNT_ID>:role/TowerForge-*",
  "Condition": {
    "StringEqualsIfExists": {
      "aws:ResourceTag/Project": "Tower"
    }
  }
}
```

> ### FSXManagement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### FSx File Systems

Allow Forge to manage [AWS FSx file systems](https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/).
```

```json
{

>   "Sid": "EFSAndFSxManagement",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Sid": "FSx",
```

  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "fsx:CreateFileSystem",
    "fsx:DeleteFileSystem",
    "fsx:DescribeFileSystems",
    "fsx:TagResource"
  ],
  "Resource": "*"
}
```

> ###

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### EFS File Systems

Allow Forge to manage [AWS EFS file systems](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/).
```

  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "elasticfilesystem:CreateFileSystem",
    "elasticfilesystem:DeleteFileSystem",
    "elasticfilesystem:CreateMountTarget",
    "elasticfilesystem:DeleteMountTarget",
    "elasticfilesystem:DescribeFileSystems",
    "elasticfilesystem:DescribeMountTargets",
    "elasticfilesystem:UpdateFileSystem",
    "elasticfilesystem:PutLifecycleConfiguration",
    "elasticfilesystem:TagResource"
  ],
  "Resource": "*"
}
```

### Launch Template Management.

Seqera Platform requires the ability to create and manage EC2 launch templates using optimized AMIs identified via AWS Systems Manager (SSM).

> [!NOTE]
> AWS does not support restricting IAM permissions on EC2 launch templates based on specific resource names or tags. Because of this limitation, it is not currently possible to scope IAM permissions to specific launch templates. As a result, broader permissions must be granted.

```json
{
  "Sid": "LaunchTemplateManagement",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "ec2:CreateLaunchTemplate",
    "ec2:DeleteLaunchTemplate",
    "ec2:DescribeLaunchTemplates",
    "ec2:DescribeLaunchTemplateVersions"
  ],
  "Resource": "*"
}
```

### S3 Data Access

> Seqera Platform requires access to AWS S3 to list and inspect the contents of S3 buckets for Studios , DataExplorer and Identifying the Nextflow working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seqera Platform requires access to AWS S3 to list and inspect the contents of S3 buckets for Studios, DataExplorer and Identifying the Nextflow working directory.
```

This policy can be scoped down to list all buckets in the account along with limiting data retrieval to specific buckets.

```json
{
  "Sid": "S3ListBuckets",
  "Effect": "Allow",

>   "Action": ["s3:List*"],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Action": ["s3:ListAllMyBuckets"],
```

I think here we need to specify which list action we want
By setting `List*` on `*` buckets we would allow the IAM user to snoop into any S3 bucket, not just list their names.

  "Resource": "*"
},
{
  "Sid": "S3GetBucketData",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "s3:Get*",
    "s3:List*"
  ],
  "Resource": [
    "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket",
    "arn:aws:s3:::example-bucket/*"
  ]
}
```

### Cloudwatch logs access

Seqera Platform requires access to CloudWatch logs in order to display relevant log data within the platform interface. The following permissions allow the platform to retrieve and query log events from the associated log group.

This policy can be scoped down to the specific log group used by the compute environment:

```json
{
  "Sid": "CloudWatchLogsAccess",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": [
    "logs:Describe*",
    "logs:Get*",
    "logs:List*",
    "logs:StartQuery",
    "logs:StopQuery",
    "logs:TestMetricFilter",
    "logs:FilterLogEvents"
  ],
  "Resource": "arn:aws:logs:<REGION>:<ACCOUNT_ID>:log-group:/aws/batch/job/*"
}
```

### SES Policy

> NextFlow is capable of sending enable email reports from your Nextflow pipeline (such as MultiQC), requires Amazon SES (Simple Email Service) permissions. You can restrict these permissions to specific sender addresses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NextFlow is capable of sending email reports from your Nextflow pipeline (such as MultiQC reports) via Amazon SES (Simple Email Service) permissions. You can restrict these permissions to specific sender and recipient addresses:
```

```json
{

>   "Sid": "AllowSendingFromSeqeraPlatform",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Sid": "AllowEmailSendingFromSeqeraPlatform",
```

3. Resource tagging

> [!NOTE]

> > If you've configured a custom prefix for Compute Environments and IAM roles in your Seqera Platform Enterprise Self-Hosted installation, remember to update the resource pattern accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you've configured a custom prefix for Compute Environments and IAM roles in your Seqera Platform Enterprise self-hosted installation, remember to update the resource pattern accordingly.
```

do we even need to mention that it's self-hosted? aren't enterprise installations all self-hosted?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you've configured a custom prefix for Compute Environments and IAM roles in your Seqera Platform Enterprise installation, remember to update the resource pattern accordingly.
```

### IAM Role Configuration

> Seqera Platform Batch Forge by default creates and manages the lifecycle of IAM Roles & Policies used by Nextflow pipelines in Compute Environments. During Compute Environment creation, you can optionally provide pre-provisioned roles for your Compute Environment, Head Job, and Instance profile, eliminating the need for these permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seqera Platform Batch Forge by default creates and manages the lifecycle of IAM Roles & Policies used by Nextflow pipelines in Compute Environments. During Compute Environment creation, you can optionally define pre-provisioned roles for your Compute Environment, Head Job, and Instance profile, eliminating the need for these permissions.
```
